docs/events.md, before:

# Events

After initializing ([see basic example](#basic-example)), it is possible to subscribe to events for a specific vehicle.

Internally, MySkoda will always connect to all MQTT topics that it can subscribe to, after loading a list of all vehicle identification numbers.

## Subscribing to Events

```python
from myskoda.event import Event

def on_event(event: Event):
    pass

myskoda.subscribe(on_event)
```

The suggested approach is to check the event's `type` field to see what it contains. If you're using mypy or pyright, this will also narrow down the event's type and allow you to access specific fields:

```python
from myskoda.event import Event, EventType, ServiceEventTopic

def on_event(event: Event):
    if event.type == EventType.SERVICE_EVENT:
        print("Received service event.")
        if event.topic == ServiceEventTopic.CHARGING:
            print(f"Battery is {event.event.data.soc}% charged.")
```

There is four types of events:

* `EventType.SERVICE_EVENT`: Sent proactively by the vehicle, when something changed.
* `EventType.OPERATION`: Sent by Skoda's server as response to an operation executed on the vehicle. It will track the operation's status.
* `EventType.ACCOUNT_EVENT`
* `EventType.VEHICLE_EVENT`: Sent proactively by the vehicle, when something changed.

Commit message:

Debouncer + Refresh API data automatically on MQTT events (#411)
* Add debounce decorator for async functions

To be used to debounce self-initiated API requests and/or MQTT event
processing functions.

* Refresh API data automatically on MQTT events

This further moves API refreshes on operation and service MQTT events
from the integration (coordinator) to the MySkoda class.

* BREAKING CHANGE: Refactor MySkoda and MQTT update logic

This moves all update logic out of the coordinator and into the MySkoda lib.

The coordinator can still subscribe to MQTT events but they are not used for anything and just get exposed in corresponding entities.

The coordinator can now subscribe to 'update' events which MySkoda will callback when any Vehicle data was updated for whatever reason (including when it, the MySkoda lib, got an MQTT event). When receiving an update callback the coordinator just has to call async_set_updated_data and pass in the current Vehicle data.

docs/events.md, after:

# Events

After initializing ([see basic example](#basic-example)), it is possible to subscribe to events for a specific vehicle by providing a callback function.

Internally, MySkoda will always connect to all MQTT topics that it can subscribe to, after loading a list of all vehicle identification numbers.

## Subscribing to Events

**NOTE**: in `v1.0.0` the `subscribe()` method has been renamed to `subscribe_events()`.

```python
from myskoda.event import Event

def on_event(event: Event):
    pass

myskoda.subscribe_event(on_event)
```

The suggested approach is to check the event's `type` field to see what it contains. If you're using mypy or pyright, this will also narrow down the event's type and allow you to access specific fields:

```python
from myskoda.event import Event, EventType, ServiceEventTopic

def on_event(event: Event):
    if event.type == EventType.SERVICE_EVENT:
        print("Received service event.")
        if event.topic == ServiceEventTopic.CHARGING:
            print(f"Battery is {event.event.data.soc}% charged.")
```

There is four types of events:

* `EventType.SERVICE_EVENT`: Sent proactively by the vehicle, when something changed.
* `EventType.OPERATION`: Sent by Skoda's server as response to an operation executed on the vehicle. It will track the operation's status.
* `EventType.ACCOUNT_EVENT`
* `EventType.VEHICLE_EVENT`: Sent proactively by the vehicle, when something changed.
